DOC restructure contributing environment guide (#50145)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/development/contributing_environment.rst

Enable Docker support and use the Services tool window to build and manage images as well as
run and interact with containers.
See https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/docker.html for details.

Step 3: build and install pandas
--------------------------------

You can now run::

   # Build and install pandas
   python setup.py build_ext -j 4
   python -m pip install -e . --no-build-isolation --no-use-pep517

At this point you should be able to import pandas from your locally built version::

   $ python
   >>> import pandas
   >>> print(pandas.__version__)  # note: the exact output may differ
   2.0.0.dev0+880.g2b9e661fbb.dirty

This will create the new environment, and not touch any of your existing environments,
nor any existing Python installation.

> Note that you will need to repeat this step each time the C extensions change, for example

Reviewer: Might be good to call this out in a `.. note::` block

> if you modified them or if you did a fetch and merge from ``upstream/main``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you modified any file in `pandas/_libs` or if you did a fetch and merge from ``upstream/main``.
```

Author: there's also some in `pandas/io` though

Reviewer: Oh I didn't know there's some sas cython code there (I think that should be moved to `pandas/_libs` at some point).

Mainly wanted to clarify here what files constitute `C extensions`  (pyx files)

Author: OK I've gone with your suggestion (it does say "for example", so it's fine if it's not exhaustive, especially if the sas files should be moved to pandas/_libs too)
